.\" Manpage of gpg-tui.toml
.nh
.TH GPG-TUI.TOML "5" "December 2021" "gpg-tui 0.8.2"
.SH NAME
.PP
gpg-tui.toml - configuration file for gpg-tui

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
The \fBgpg-tui.toml\fP file is a configuration file for gpg-tui. The
file must be placed at one of the following locations:

$HOME/.config/gpg-tui.toml, $HOME/.config/gpg-tui/gpg-tui.toml,
$HOME/.config/gpg-tui/config

It can be also specified with the \fB--config\fP option or $GPG_TUI_CONFIG
environment variable.
If the file does not exist at the appropriate location or is not provided,
\fBgpg-tui\fP uses its default configuration settings.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The TOML file used to configure gpg-tui has a section of general settings
followed by the \fBgpg\fP section that allows configuring the GnuPG options.

.SH FORMAT

.TP
\fB[general]\fP
Section for general settings.
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fBsplash\fP: show the splash screen on startup (default: false)
.IP \(bu 2
\fBtick_rate\fP: set the tick rate of the terminal (default: 250)
.IP \(bu 2
\fBcolor\fP: set the accent color of the terminal (default: gray)
.IP \(bu 2
\fBstyle\fP: set the style of the terminal (default: plain) (possible values: plain, colored)
.IP \(bu 2
\fBfile_explorer\fP: set the utility for file selection (default: xplr)

.RE

.TP
\fB[gpg]\fP
Section for GnuPG settings.
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
\fBarmor\fP: enable ASCII armored output (default: false)
.IP \(bu 2
\fBhomedir\fP: set the GnuPG home directory
.IP \(bu 2
\fBoutdir\fP: set the output directory
.IP \(bu 2
\fBoutfile\fP: set the template for the output file name
.IP \(bu 2
\fBdefault_key\fP: set the default key to sign with

.RE

.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
The following is a complete \fBgpg-tui.toml\fP default configuration example:

.PP
.RS

.nf

[general]
  splash = false
  tick_rate = 250
  color = "gray"
  style = "plain"
  file_explorer = "xplr"

[gpg]
  armor = false
  homedir = "~/.gnupg"
  outdir = "~/.gnupg/out"
  outfile = "{type}_{query}.{ext}"
  default_key = ""

.fi
.RE

.SH BUGS
Report bugs at <https://github.com/orhun/gpg-tui/issues> or contact the author via email.

.SH AUTHOR
Orhun Parmaksız <orhunparmaksiz@gmail.com>

.SH ABOUT
.P
\f[I]gpg-tui\f[R] is maintained by Orhun Parmaksız, and released under the MIT license.
.PP
See the project homepage at <https://github.com/orhun/gpg-tui> for full documentation.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
gpg-tui(1)
